so before the video starts I just wanted
to say that I have a giveaway running
right now on my skin Twitter account if
you haven't followed that account you
shoot from the link in the description
because I tweet a lot about skins csgo
trading and the general economy of csgo
so if you want to join that giveaway for
free link is in the description but now
let's get on with the video you're just
such a noob just look at spected me what
I'm doing circles and maybe you'll get
the kill or something okay Sega's much
did you failing math class let's go baby
seek the Lord you so equip that passive
twitch highlights baby 25live
alone like I'm an idiot what the [__]
was that I don't know
I have magnetic aim today I'm gonna say
anomaly admits to magnetic a monster
hope you get aids I hit that job he says
he hopes I get AC Berrian seek the
meanest [__] together you know you have
Lagoon Legaspi lassie yes I think they'd
be probable I'm just waiting for eager
to die
[Music]
oh yeah this is that was [__] insane
I love you
look this one health trickshot
okay Joseph Maria Joseph Stalin who let
me ask what I asked hikes
yes yes good [__] Sweden I don't
know maybe some woman thank you was it
boy I'll open it bro let's see what I
get
oh this is an old new 2017 Newt watch me
get the factory new nuclear threat
souvenir that's gonna be so expensive
thank you for the case how do you say
identity in French you don't really you
say identity it maybe not that angrily
but you say another word say another
word
I can't a meeting baguette if I get ya
how do you say white flag it's your
mother tongue is it that hard Mother's
Day
I hate you don't moan again I'm on
speaker oh [__] sorry yes it's you
no no can you teaching me Estonian how
do you say hello but yeah if I'd get the
car I do want something very big one bed
layer shear practically cash should be
on a berth on knock temper with his left
in the van when I told him he should
[Laughter]
oh no I mean he's wearing them because
he wants to render gender render you
sign up that was very good that's how
you team till without getting into okay
okay misty oh I didn't take any damage
let's go baby that was the cleanest
thing I've ever done I'm a smooth
criminal I want to make a joke but I
don't know how twitch will accept okay
don't do it if you need to one think
about it don't do it
no I know
I try to hit 20 spin trickshot holy [__]
good evening chance payin normally do
you plan on it works it works it works
it works
no you see the comedy here was nothing I
can't hear but big my boy look at this
look at this ah